>> Scott Moss: Hope everyone had fun
interacting with the data loaders and
understanding the complexities
around batching and
catching and how all that works.
Did anyone observe any like,
weird behavior with the data loader and
things that they didn't expect,
like how it batches or-
>> Student: I got thrown off by
the object I need from Mongo
isn't equal to itself.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, that's true, [LAUGH].
>> Student: So, my loader was
getting called multiple times,
cuz I wasn't passing to a certain.
>> Scott Moss: That's right, yeah, mongo
IDs are objects, but if you look at them,
they look like strings,
cuz they call two strings, one log.
But yeah, so you gotta cast
those to strings, anyone notice
the behaviour of a data loader
when going down to another level.
>> Scott Moss: No, alright.
Nothing special there I just want to know
if anyone observed like they thought
something different happened like they
thought there would be another batch call
or do they think that it
will just pull from cash or
how that would work, just curious.
I was gonna ask cuz when I started
learning, it kind of turn me off.
I expected something else and
it wasn't there, really cool,
let's go over this solution then,
he would not
get help one done
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
cool, great, yeah that one was meant to,
I didn't expect anybody to get that done.
So I gave you no context, no whatsoever.
I just wanted you to struggle a little
bit after you did something before.
It's okay to struggle when you know you're
struggling on, so let's hop right in.
We go to the task resolver,
which is the one, so you were tasked with
creating a loader, or replacing the model.
Query with a loader instead, so
the project loader was already created for
you.
So all you had to do was come in here and
just replace it with this,
did anybody use some other way other way
of using the loader in this project task?
Yeah it's almost too easy, it's already
done for you, yeah, so that was there.
Then there was an extra credit one,
but we'll get to that one,
the other one was basically,
>> Scott Moss: Here we go,
so it was the GitHub one.
So let's actually look at how that's
defined, then we'll come back to how they
use it, so we go to loaders, if we go look
at the GitHub loader, the couple of things
you gotta notice here about this GitHub
loader and how it all ties together.
On the task,
on the dev task type there is a repo
field,
>> Scott Moss: Right here,
that' is the name of this disk,
name, issue count, description,
url, but if you notice,
on the task model, none of that exists.
So where is that being
saved in the database?
It's not, it's all virtual, which means
all you really need is a repo URL and
then based on that URL we have a resolver,
that makes a call to GitHub
to get that information and provide
it to you in the shape of this repo.
So all that's virtual, so
it's guaranteed to be up to date
as long as you can hit the API.
And that's happening in the task
resolver right here, this repo.
So you can see it takes the repoUrl,
splits it, gets the last thing on the end
which is the name of the repo and
then it makes a call to GitHub and
tries to fetch it and then it returns
it in the shape that it needs.
So before this loader was here
there was an actual call to GitHub
that was being called.
So what we're gonna do is we're
gonna replace that with a loader.
That looks like this, so
we make a new loader.
This is gonna take an array of repoed
names just like the loader you created or
the project loader above was an array of
ID's this is gonna generate repoed names,.
The reason why we know that is because,
I do not know why this is not
staying open We're gonna be creating,
we want to be able to get
all the repos from GitHub but
only return the one given the name.
Cuz that's the one that we're
actually accessing, right?
We're accessing the name, so that's why
it's gonna be an array of names because
that's what we're determining
the difference between the repos, or
the names, so it's gonna be by name and
then put that over there here we go.
>> Scott Moss: So it is gonna be a array
of repoed names and for each one of
those names all we're really gonna do
instead of making a database call,
because this is not in our
database it's in GitHub,
we're gonna use this reposForOrg
call which is inside of GitHub.js.
Where it's literally just
goes to the type io org and
fetches all the public repos and
sends them back.
That's all it does, so every repo in
that public there is gonna send that.
But we're only are interested in the one
repo that we're resolving at the time, so
that's why we need the names to
figure out which one is which.
We've look it up by the name So
that's where this comes in, so
we get all the repos back from that Org.
Then we group them by their name, just
like we group the projects by their IDs,
we group these by their name.
And just like we did with the project
loader, we looped over the given input,
in this case repost names and
then we pair them up with repos
that came after from GitHub.
So it's basically the same thing,
except for
replace a database query
with this call instead.
>> Scott Moss: And then now inside the
taskResolver, we can replace what we were
doing with GitHub in here,
which was like two lines of code,
with this one line of code that loads
it up, batches it, encashes it,
which prevents us from going to get help
every single time in a single request.
Because it's a third party API call,
that is gonna tremendously
speed up our resolver.
Because now we don't have
to go to get help and
come back every single time he asks for
that one request.
And let's just do it one time for
that current batch
>> Scott Moss: And
then the last one,
I'm sorry there were two more.
The other one that I asked you to do
which is slightly a bit more practice,
was inside of loaders which
was to create a task loader.
Who did not create a task loader?, ok.
So, this one's pretty simple,
but basically, it's the same thing
as the project loader, right?
Except for you just change tasks
in with sort of projects and
that's basically I think the only the only
work you gotta do is maybe you have to
require this if this wasn't there.
I can't remember if that was there or
not and that's about it,
it's basically the same thing,
you could've copied and pasted this.
And just change everywhere a project
is the task because all we're doing is,
giving it a ray of task ID's,
find task that are matched with these ID's
and then group them and then return them.